The two subfolders are older stuff which you can read about
in their respective READMEs. The scripts around here are the
final analyses which I conducted to find optimal parameters.

The scripts "snr_numericalscoringV2.py" and
"contrast_numericalscoring.py" generate two scores, the first
of which is derived from the SNRs of the fake planets after
pyKLIP has been run, and the latter being derived from
the calibrated contrast of the image at certain separations
after pyKLIP has been run. These two produce seperate CSVs
which are linked together into a single CSV file via
"overall_numericalscoring.py". The overall script also
generates an overall score as a weighted average of the two
scores, but I only used this as a preliminary tool for
exploring the parameter space; it does not get used in what
follows down below. 

The script "parameterranking.py" takes the contrast and SNR
scores of the individual star systems, and synthesizes them
into a single CSV file where the columns are the parameters
along with their respective rankings on each score compared
to the other parameters.

The script "optimalgroups.py" is the finishing touch on 
getting the ideal parameter sets. It looks at the CSV file
generated by "parameterranking.py" and investigates possible
groups of parameter sets, measuring the threshold for each. The
threshold refers to the minimum value such that for every 
star system's SNR and contrast scores, at least one of the 
parameter sets in the group scores at or above the
threshold.